its where i start and end all my runs. i enjoy a clean neighborhood and hope to do my share
where i live!
i live on 44th and daughter lives on 43rd.
i live at 360 west 22nd street and am a member of the 300 west 21st, 22nd & 23rd streets  block association.  the block association has a block beautification clean-up comittee and schedules clean-ups of the three blocks of 21st, 22nd, and 23rd between the west side of 8th avenue to the east side of 9th avenue.  we recently held a clean-up from the north side of 23rd street to the north side of 22nd street as well as 8th avenue between 23rd & 22nd streets.
there is always a lot of trash here and i would like it to be a more pleasant space for people to pass by.
in front of my building.
i live here and want it to be nice
it's close to my home
there is a pseudo park that connects two dead ends. it's not maintained by the parks department so it gets littered with garbage frequently. i like to keep my neighborhood clean and hope to inspire others along the way!
it’s been abandoned and filled with illegal dumping.  i’ve started cleaning up and beautifying the area.
passersby often litter the space which makes it an eyesore.
my dog likes to play here and we go most days
the outside of my house because i'm a boy scout and should leave no trace behind
i live here. and all summer everyone who is waiting for the pool drops trash everywhere along the avenue. it is horrible. i care about my neighborhood and want to keep it habitable for everyone.
it's my block
i walk here almost every day.
i workout at this park multiple times throughout the week and i constantly see trash there. the sanitation workers are working as hard as they can but it seems like there's been a surplus of littering here over the summer that they haven't been able to clean all up. i pick up some of the trash whenever i can. this park has done a lot for me so i'd love to return the favor
i live on this street and love to see it clean.
i live around the corner and i often walk by here with my dog. almost every day there are various pieces of trash and it makes me sad to see my block look like this. i would like to contribute to having a more positive neighborhood for everyone.
it’s near where i live and a highway :)
my residential area corner
i look at it daily
i actually have unofficially adopted this block since the beginning of the pandemic because the garbage was so bad. it’s a high traffic street leading to a public school and a busy train station, and it’s nice when it’s clean.
i live at this intersection and want to improve it.
would be nice to not see trash in those two spots on a regular basis (especially the storm drain)
it is right in front of my building.
i have lived here for over a decade and the pedestrian pathways are such an important infrastructure to the community. i want to contribute to keeping this area safe and accessible for neighbors to rest, connect, and take a respite from harsh weather.
it’s where our house is and we walk our dog here
i selected this spot/block because i live here and like to see my community clean and free of litter. my daughter and i girl scouts with girl scouts of greater new york and like to do community service even if it means starting small. thank you.
this is where i live and i'm tried just tired of the litter.
i've been looking for a new way to give back to my community despite having a busy schedule and can't always make commitments that require a strict schedule (jackson heights beautification club) and i would also love to see the neighborhood cleaner
i saw a post describing this corner as one of the dirtiest in bed-stuy. i disagree, but want to make it nicer!
i live in the area. i am planning to clean and volunteer with my little kids and have them engaged and making out streets beautiful and safe.
i chose this spot because i live here.
perpetual litter accummulation
i want to clean up by my apartment!
i would love to walk outside and see a beautiful garden not a mess.
i’ll get back
it’s a block i walk everyday several times a day.
its a beautiful park with lots of litter
we moved to this spot one year ago and are the first house off of bedford with a community garden across the street.  it creates a bit of a wind alley that blows rubbish from the corner to a tree bed in front of the building.  it will be nice to ourselves and our neighbors to commit to keeping the whole corner of the block. trash free.
it is always filthy, there are folks staying on the street for the night leaving food, garbage, and even needles. we have spoken to our council member, sandy nurse's office, and the center itself, there has been some improvement on the side walk but the rain garden is still not maintained.
it's where we live and we'd love to keep it clean :)
i live in the neighborhood and want to keep this block safe and clean. i take care of street trees on the south side of east 33rd street between madison ave. and park ave.

this is a busy pedestrian block in midtown manhattan that is not in a business improvement district (bid). this is a route to the empire state building to the west at fifth avenue and the no. 6 subway station and a high school to the east at park ave.
on saturday, the new group friends of raymond bush playground did a huge weeding and replanting with native perennials of the horticultural beds in this neighborhood park. this spot is near the water fountain, the men's room, and one of the two most heavily used entrances and gets very trashy, very fast. it's also the first thing you see when you get into the playground from the street.
i walk my dogs there along this path and there is always a ton of garbage—bags of trash, broken bottles, etc. in the tree beds and on the sidewalk.
in front of my home and up to the street corner!
i live here and want to help keep my neighborhood clean and safe.
this is my block!
walk by it every day and was upset with the ludicrous amount of litter and so decided to to do something about it
i live in this area and i hate to see it looking the way it look when i come home and plus i don't want my kids come out side to a dirty area
this spot inspired me to look into local cleanups because i was so sad to see the trash just accumulating. it's also a very busy area where people are just walking by without acknowledging the trash. additionally, because i signed up for local cleanups, i learned about the trash academy and recently graduated from the 2024 cohort! this spot is essentially where my waste management journey began.
on my usual walking route, near my apartment, and always has trash laying around where kids are (or could!) be playing.
i live here
i have lived here for 42 years
it's my own address but also the address of the small grocery store downstairs. there is extremely heavy foot traffic in this section of steinway because of all the shops, grocery stores, pharmacies and restaurants, and i constantly see litter around. i'm out and about almost every day, so it would be easy to pick up in this area several times a week
we live on this street and can see the need to clean. there is a mix of business and residential.
i live in this area and was raised in a clean city that did not tolerate litter.  this area also takes much abuse from drivers who loiter at fire hydrants and leave a mess of litter, food bags, condoms, alcohol bottles, drug vials, etc.
it’s near my house so i can clean it up all the time!
sometimes i stop there in the morning before work, drink my coffee, and look at the water. i want this place to be clean.
i live next door to the historical dyckman farmhouse which has 8-10 benches in front of the structure and is constantly littered by the folks who sit, eat and drink their food. 
i always take the time to grab what i can when walking past the area but there is always more. even with a trash bin the litter is constant. 
same goes for when i walk down to dyckman - i usually focus on the curb trash to avoid any rubbish making its way to the catch basins. lots of butts because of constant construction and of course straws are still common!
this is where i live and walk my dog! it’s also a building with several units so there’s always some spilled trash to pick up.
i see people throwing trash here all the time. the tree is the highlight of the street providing shade for so many. i can see the tree from my apartment.
i want to show people that we care for our neighborhood and to please clean up after their dogs. my autistic son shouldn’t have to dodge piles of dog poop to go on a nice walk
we selected these two bed as a community service project for our girl scout troop 3234. one of our junior girl scouts lives in the home that it is in front of. there are 2 other girl scout members that live on this block.

they are trying to educate, inspire, and make the world a better place.

if we can have more than one pair of kid size gloves that would be amazing. 

the girls are working on earning their bronze award with this project.
this is the sidewalk in front of my apartment. there is often trash floating around and i'd love to pick it up as i use it at least twice a day.
the dirty and lots of garbage and it’s near a school
this is where we live
many people hang out here and leave their trash.
this is my home and community and as a parent i feel a responsibility to my children to take care of it.
we live here!
we currently only have one trash can for the entire intersection despite my complaints to dsny. the streets are constantly full of trash from the community events happening on the weekends.
we organize regular clean-up events in east harlem.
in addition to these efforts, i'd like to adopt the block where i reside, focusing on revitalizing the neglected tree beds.
my goals are twofold:
* maintain a clean and attractive block with healthy tree beds.
* inspire fellow block association members by demonstrating the positive impact of individual block adoption on our neighborhood's long-term beautification.
i believe this initiative will contribute to a cleaner, greener east harlem.in addition to these efforts, i'd like to adopt the block where i reside, focusing on revitalizing the neglected tree beds.
my goals are twofold:
 * maintain a clean and attractive block with healthy tree beds.
 * inspire fellow block association members by demonstrating the positive impact of individual block adoption on our neighborhood's long-term beautification.
i believe this initiative will contribute to a cleaner, greener east harlem.
it gets dirty daily despite management cleaning every morning.
lots of people walk along main street, and i would like to help keep it clean.
someone has already claimed my block so i'm just picking the next one over. its where i walk my dogs daily and because it is extra windy by the navy yard we are like a trash vortex.
near my house
i love my neighborhood!
i live on this street
there are drains on this corner and trash piles up on the drains
this area often gets littered because of the nearby mcdonald's
i walk past there daily and sadly there is always litter from bqe traffic and pedestrians heading to and from brooklyn bridge park.
this is our home. the kids see trash on the floor often and want to pick it up but we don't have the right tools to do that. so i always tell them no. with the correct tools, we will be emboldened to do so. we are a team of four- one adult and three children that will be caring for this space. if by any chance you can throw in another trash picker, that would help me out a lot to avoid sibling rivalry.
i frequently walk on this block, and it could use a bit of tlc!
it’s near my home. gets messy b/c of heavy pedestrian traffic and bus stop
i've been working this block for my second year with my local jackson heights beautification group (that's our public insta and fb) they traditionally work 37th ave 74 to 86th sts. i expended to this block near me farther east . i water a new baby tree we planted this spring and a new baby bush i planted just two weeks ago (the tree gets 20 gal of water a week and the bush 10). i've been cleaning the tree beds and street as well and planting flowers. i've seen an increase in cleanliness and care from local merchants and a lot of interest and thanks from neighbors as well. i recently found out about adopt you spot and am always looking for  free trash bags and support !! (i usually tend this block weekly). i'm excited to share experience, inspiration and photos with other like minded care givers!
the street is a dead end and it seems like the street sweepers can't fit. it rarely if ever gets cleaned.
it’s where i live and i want to keep it clean!
i live very close to the tree beds and can be consistent with cleaning
it’s near my home and these sports are often littered with trash and overflowing trash bins
this spot is outside my home - so i see it every day and can easily integrate cleanup time into my schedule.
i visit this beach year-round and i always pick up the trash there.
we help beautify the small business area with tree pit care, and sidewalk clean up for better environmental awareness and for business owners to have pride in.
it’s in front of my building door and always full of garbage
i want to see my community clean
my neighbor inspired me by taking care of one of these spots next to my cafe for a few years. and it looks beautiful. i would like to take the spot next to it so maybe i can inspire someone else to do the same and eventually our block would look so much better.
there is a bus stop here that accumulates a lot of trash. there's a beautiful community garden on the other side of the fence and the contrast is just a little depressing.
i live nearby and can easily go out a couple times a week to clean up
this is a neglected space, but is heavily trafficked and is the main walking access point between cobble hill to van vorhees park and brooklyn bridge park. many people use this space daily and would enhance our daily experience if it were to be more cared for. plus many people can see this overpass from their homes, so better care / less litter is a visual enhancement
i will keep an eye on two sad tree beds that lost their trees recently and are litter magnets.
this area is really disgusting!!!
i live here and want to keep the neighborhood clean
that’s my home
it is in front of the building in which i live
i've been seating at this spot a lot. it's a lovely place to rest. and i'd like to keep it clean at all times.
i see so much garbage here by my job daily. 
so i’d like to clean it up.
it’s right in front of my apartment, i already pick up here, there’s always trash
i selected this spot because i walk by this spot all the time and it fills me with anxiety to see all of the trasn in a beautiful park like echo park.
i live on the block.  motivated by clean up cobble hill events.
i live on the block
the fence there has beautifully grown over but that means litter gets stuck in the leaves
it’s the block i live on
this spot is close to my home, and since i work from home i'm able to easily clean it consistently. it will also give me a chance to assist my neighbors with keeping the block clean.
recently have noticed the sidewalks, streets, and tree beds with trash while going to get groceries, so i want to clean up the spot for walkers and the dogs at a daycare nearby.
i walk every day to work and i see how all the garbage is around and nobody care it’s pretty area, i have call 311 and complain about cleaning the area it would help if we can put garbage bins by the bus stop.
fringes of council districts 38 and 39th lost in remapping gerrymandering between park slope gowanus and sunset park .. this spot could be exemplary how we work towards community driven climate readiness drawing together cars kids parents and dogs dragging their owners for a walk ..
the garden sidewalk area for this tree is completely composed of the tree's root system with very little dirt or other vegetation growing, making it a spot where litter and waste just sits and needs to be picked up more frequently.
it’s right in front of my home
i live right there and it's a well trafficked block since it's close to the train and b26 bus. a lot of street and car litter.
catch basin gets covered in leaves and trash and the corner can flood.
these are the two biggest trees on my block. it provides shade when i walk my dog. it’s also my view when i stare out my window. i don’t like seeing garbage piled on the tree bed.
i am born and raised in new york city, specifically astoria, queens. i selected this street because i live here and i love to see it clean at least for a couple of hours.
i live next door and often see trash stuck in the curbside long this road!
it’s right outside my door on my walk almost every day, and it is often very dirty.
the area is always filthy and i want to make a difference and hopefully inspire others.
it needs help and the real estate developer that owns it does not take care of this corner.
it's mostly landmark private homes. every home has a different facade. i am so grateful everyday to be living here and feel this block (and its surrounding areas) should be respected for its history and beauty. when i started to clean the area about 2 yrs ago i was met with 'unbelievable' challenges. it feels like it's finally paying off and worth the effort now. 
thank you
outside of my building. the tree is right outside my apartment window and gives me privacy in the summer while i keep my curtains open. birds also hang out in that tree.
this tree pit is an eye sore, and filled with rat holes - so i'm intimidated to pick it. but it is the tree in front of my bedroom window/ my building. i'd like to take some pride in my block - i love walking around in bk during summer and spring, and i think my neighborhood should also be taken care of, so i might as well do it myself. 
in the past, my mom bought plants for the tree pit - but they were promptly stolen lol. now the pit is so run down that drunk folks will often throw old bottles into the little fenced area. my goal is just to clean it up, get rid of the rats and to maybe put down some gravel to make it looks orderly/clean.
the area is frequently used. there are no trash cans so it is constantly piled high with trash. can i request a city trash can? there are absolutely zero public trash cans on heath avenue which causes many people to not pick up after their dogs on top of littering the park. i would like to have the tools to pick up the trash. i would also like to care for the tree beds, add borders and plants some flowers.
i recently moved to this block and am inspired by the tenants who have been here for a long time and want to keep it maintained.
this tree has been here since i've lived in this building. it used to have a full grass patch in front of our building but it was cemented up leaving just the tree in it's pit. i want to show my child the importance of living in a clean city and will start with the one in front of our place.
i love my block and hate this eyesore
this is my street. i already go out on mondays and clean up trash. i usually get 1-2 bodega plastic bags worth.
it’s in front of my place of residence, the neighborhood can get very dirty but the neighborhood is also full of life and amazing restaurants and shops and the cleanliness of the street should reflect the rich culture i get the privilege of living in.
i take care of it now but very half-heartedly and it is a trash magnet. i'd like to commit to more organized care.
i have volunteered with councilman botcher on neighborhood clean ups all around chelsea. this corner seems like it accumulates garbage because cabs, ubers, etc idle on this corner and leave their trash. also, club goers pass by coming from 10th ave or chelsea piers and drop trash on the street and in the tree bed.
i live on riverside drive at 102nd street.  i pass this intersection on my way to work and on my way home, 5 days each week during the school year.  the trash cans on the corners are sometimes overflowing.  the sewer drain often collects trash and makes drainage of rain difficult.  so it is sometimes very difficult to cross at the corner, especially if a person can't jump over the big pond that collects there.
i’m interested in getting involved by cleaning the space because the area is being heavily gentrified, it feels like no one cares because neighbors don’t really see the trash. everybody seems to just rely on the cleaning team to maintain the area clean but during the weekends, e.i., when they don’t work the situation gets worse and worse!!
it is a lovely spot but frequently full of trash and underused as such.
a lot of litter there and i hate leaving/coming home and seeing all of that. it doesn’t look good and maybe keeping it clean will motivate people to stop dropping trash there.
n/a
this is the block that i live on and walk daily. it's frequently covered in litter (or, as i suspect, trash that has fallen out of ripped plastic bags). having a litter-free street meaningfully contributes to one's sense of living in a place that is cared for. from my own experience of having litter that is not mine dropped in front of my house, i understand that homeowners and tenants are often not responsible for causing the problem... but we can all be a part of the solution.
this spot gets neglected and i see so much trash build-up here. especially dog-poop - so much so that i have to keep my eyes pinned to the sidewalk, watching every step. i often wanted to place signs throughout saying curb your pets. it is a stretch that many neighbors and college students walk often, and beyond the poop, there tends to be an excessive amount of litter here. 

there is also a generous non-profit stand, "friendly fridge bx" a community refrigerator initiative on this stretch that inspires me to want to take action to keep this area clean.
i selected this spot because the garbage is an eye sore and it doesn't seem to be slowing down. hopefully i can use the tools given to maintain this spot.
it’s my neighborhood, been doing it with my neighbor kids and calling us the community clean up crew but this works as well
it’s on my home block ! :))
it's gross
there is a lot of traffic and there is currently construction happening on the corner. i want the small businesses i love in my neighborhood to have a fighting chance at ambience and clientele despite all this
this is a high traffic spot for new yorkers walking to and from the train station! i pledge to help to keep it looking great!
this stretch of block is right outside of my apartment and i walk down it daily. it tends to gather trash and i often do some clean up when i have a chance.
i frequent this area and notice litter regularly
i walk my dog here every day
i liove right there
tried to pick a high traffic area where no one is currently paying consistent attention to the litter.
this is the beach near my house and i want to do my part to keep it clean!
the ocean parkway path is gross and needs to be cleaned. it could be beautiful with some work
i’m hoping to organize neighbors to help with the effort to keep our block clean.
trying to keep one spot near home clean
this area can often get littered with trash from 4th ave foot traffic, especially the bed of the beautiful london planetree. we were able to get our landlord to help install a tree guard and i want to continue to take care of this area and keep our block and the community clean and beautiful!
near my home - want to give them some extra tlc while construction project is ongoing nearby
i have already been cleaning up this commercial strip for years and tending to as many tree beds as i can because the businesses will not support a bid, so any support from the sanitation foundation is much appreciated.
i walk to and around saratoga park a lot
i've selected this spot because it is the block that i live on.
our students with special needs at 811q are working on their vocational and life skills. the playground is used a lot and our students want to help the neighborhood. this area is in close proximity to our school which will give them access to clean up.
i love the trees and i want to protect them. amity street is a nice block so many people walk down it enjoying food items and they also walk their dogs along the sidewalk. unfortunately a lot of trash, food, drinks, and dog poop are left behind on the sidewalk, i started picking it up one day and i kept doing it because it always comes back.
it’s close to home and i want to make sure myself and my neighbors don’t experience flooding or excess debris on the street.
this is where i live and i want to make sure it’s a clean space for me and other residents in my building.
this area is consistently inundated with litter. i live in the area and want to do something about it!
the tree pit is special to us and we even had our landlord install a metal gate to protect her.  afterwards, i purchased some native plants at lowlands nursery and put them around the tree along with some free compost.
it’s my block :)
i live here, and it's really depressing to see so much litter. i routinely watch people empty the trash from their car onto the street right outside my apartment, and no one cares or cleans it up. i'm tired of living surrounded by trash.
in front of my home when the city planted the tree, it took away the sunlight for the tree in my property killed my grandmother’s plant, so i transferred my grandmother other’s plants in front of the tree, and build a frame and maintain the plants the best i can yearly. but people are the foot traffic keeps grabbing the plants the problem in the neighborhood. dropping lottery tickets, beer bottles, and throwing piss bottles and i always clean it up and maintain the sidewalks in front of our residence and neighbors house. district and board as well known maintain the property.
i walk my dog here multiple times everyday. he deserves a clean and safe space to explore.
i live in the area and frequently catch the b44 bus at this stop. this is a high-traffic intersection in a neighborhood that is being rapidly gentrified, and the sidewalk surrounding the bus stop accumulates a lot of litter. i chose this spot because it is so heavily utilized, meaning that keeping it clean will impact so many people in the neighborhood. to me, adopting this spot is a love letter to my neighbors who have so lovingly welcomed me into their community.
this is a block that our family frequently passes. there were recently trees planted there which we are so happy about! unfortunately the block is a bit isolated and seems to be a dumping area. we would love to help keep it clean for our community ?
i walk across this island every day on the way to the subway, along with many many other new yorkers, so i think everyone in the neighborhood appreciates when it is nice and clean.
my apartment building is on a hill and we use this step street to reach the streets below us daily, in order to get to the stores and the train station. it's sad and surprising that it looks like this.
see above
it is on my daily walks and a part of the park i love, which is never maintained by the post department because it is on the other side of the railing
proximity to parks
my neighbors and i try to keep the tree pit in front of our apartment clean. the free trash picker was an incentive / motivation for signing up :)
we have three wonderful suppers on this block who work so hard to keep the block clean but there's still so much trash sadly so i want to help and hopefully encourage others as well.
this spot is near my home, no one cares for it well including the landlords on the block. i walk by here daily with my children and it’s always so sad to see the block looking trashy when it could be such a beautiful peaceful block but i focus on the trash and weeds.
the spot under the train tracks experiences illegal dumping and basic everyday litter too. additionally, pigeons live above and their poop covers the sidewalk. this seems to be an issue on other streets that it crosses over nearby as well.
my daughter and i start our walks under this bridge towards starlight park and always  notice a lot of garbage
there’s a lot of foot traffic and a lot of trash builds up
cleaning up the street from leaves and trash and keeping the storm drains clean help prevent flooding and keep our street looking nice.
they're in front of and next to my house!
we have selected this spot as we already feel a sense of ownership about keeping our street free of litter, for environmental reasons and for our neighborhood. adopting this spot is simply making it official!
near a library and on a busy street
it is in our neighborhood and our son always complains about how dirty it is
i see a bunch of trash along this street and i’ve always wanted to clean it up! now, i will have the tools and support network to do so!
every day i ride my bike, i see so many people who have left random trash on the side of the road and near the park entrance. there are a lot of dog waste bags, and i feel like maybe if it is cleaned regularly, people will not feel like it is okay to litter.
we are nearby the park, and we get a good amount of litter. there are great volunteer cleaning groups for the park, but they tend to focus on the park. which is great! but it even better if all the surrounding areas were clean (: 

would love to set an example for the kids!
the area has gotten worse since 2020.
i used to live in the area and i still work in the area.
i walk by all the time on the way to the subway and on the way to my favorite coffee shop, and i want to make the experience nicer for everyone else who walks along this block.
i live here and already do this
adjacent to my home.
elm place is one of the many cross streets off of fordham road which has many people walking through and sadly littering and dumping garbage.
it's my block. my goal is to pick up trash on one side of the street at least once a month.
this spot is on our way to the playground and gets overwhelmed with random trash and plant overgrowth, sometimes to the point that it becomes difficult accessing the sidewalk.
i've lived on this block for over 10 years.  the street is busy (it's a truck route ...) though became much improved when it became a one way street about 5 years ago.  many houses in disrepair have been converted to newer apartment buildings, so there are newer sidewalks and more trees.  traffic is still a problem, as is trash!  i walk my dog every morning and bemoan the garbage strewn about.  i clean up in front of my house and my adjacent neighbors everyday.  now it's time to take on the whole side of the block!
the spot is always full of debris (large boxes, food wrappers, trash). i want to keep them clean in hopes others will stop littering there.
i have selected these spots because i have lived and played in this block and playground for 60 years. i am heavily active in my community. born and raised in harlem. i love nature, cleanliness, children playing safely, our community coming together for a positive cause and being that leader that others may want to follow.
this blocks is in trouble. please read comments above.
to keep my street free of litter
to keep findlay avenue clean.
my block
close to home and needs some love
i grew up in sunset park many years ago and recently moved back here with my kids, mom and dog. i want to keep our front walkway clean, clean up weeds and plant some flowers and keep the big tree up front clean. we curb our dog 24/7 and if we could keep a little spot clean and pretty others will follow.
i live on this block and would like to see it cleaner
it’s the place i call home and is an area i could imagine realistically keep clean.
i pass by it everyday because my friends live close
i pass this spot every day. there are overgrown weeds in the warmer months and occasionally trash and silt piles after rain storms. my neighbors, their families (and pets), and myself often pass the location and wish it were in better condition.
i walk that block to go to post office or other errands.  the trees are beautiful but it’s an empty block. it’s sad to see it neglected.  i moved to washington hts this spring and want the landscape to live up to its beautiful people.
the east 32nd street side of 153 madison avenue is the side of a furniture store and is connected to the freight entrance to my co-op apartment building, 159 madison avenue. i take care of the three street trees on this block (pruning, watering, removing litter and cultivating soil). i want to keep the area safe and clean.
this spot is always, always covered in cigarette ends on the floor and trees. this is a safety risk for children and pets
popular route to reach the water, but the trash and are often overflowing, especially on weekends.
i think those trees beauty our block. i want to keep them clean and healthy.
it's close to home and helping my neighbors.
a lot of dogs are not picked up after and a bus stop and nearby high school leads to a lot of littering
very easy for me to get to!
it usually has garbage in it, even though the street can be cleaned every now and then, the tree bed always has junk in it like glass, bottle caps, etc.
it has a small stream running through it and has a lot of wildlife living in there. it is full of trees, plants and is a small ecosystem. the trash is making it look like crap and a dumping ground.
i moved to the neighborhood recently and want to play a part in keeping the block clean and beautiful. taking care of a space is a great way to meet neighbors and build community!
this is near my apartment & is near a blue usps mailbox that i use for mailing.  its often littered with trash because the church, st. margaret mary, is now closed.
i live on the street and walk on it everyday with my daughter.
where i live.
the stretch of sidewalk abuts all of the building's frontage on the two streets - and i have spent over 40 years to date cleaning the sidewalk and tree pits, adding composted mulch to the tree pits, and caring for shrubs within the fencing on both sides of the building.
it's on my side of the street, with several tree pits that are often littered with garbage and drug paraphernalia.
i selected it because its where i live, and there is a empty house on the corner of ave m, that always has overgrown weeds in the sidewalk and unkempt tree beds. new trees were planted there a couple of years ago. i want to help them thrive and keep the block looking cared for.  also with the heavy rains we sometimes get, i make sure the catch basin is not clogged up with trash. i noticed everything  when i started working from home during covid. i became upset, then sad, then i realized i could use my spare time to 'make' the difference i wanted to see. its a lot to try to change, but i  am committed to do the little that i can. i have great neighbors also that do their part by cleaning in front of their homes.
it’s closest to my building
the home is historic and i think it deserves more love, not the trash that is left by people there.
it’s by my home and i want to give back to my neighborhood
on our block, we have 1 restaurant and 1 bar at the east end of the block and a bar at the west end of the block which means it’s a heavily traveled area. walking out of my building each day there are always new things on the ground.
this spot’s basically the neighborhood’s main stage, and i can’t stand trash stealing the spotlight. i’m always biking or walking through, kids are attending school across the street, so cleaning it up makes me feel like i’m leveling up the vibe for everyone (and myself).
it is local to me, and needs some love.
part of our neighborhood.
we run a community art lab called buena onda art lab and want to bring good vibes to all of our community. buena onda means good vibes and good waves.
tired of the trash
lots of trash is thrown in these tree pits especially during the summer.
this is where i've lived for the last 17 years. i maintain three sidewalk tree beds in this stretch and have created an extensive container garden for the pleasure of my neighbors and passersby.
my apartment area and it's always full of trash
i love it so much, one of my favorite places in the city. i try to walk through here most days of the week. its not quite my shrine, but i do have reverence for and feel humbled by it. i only tell people about it, who i really like a lot.
there’s a lot of trash on the ground. i would love to volunteer with my niece to make the community cleaner.
it's outside the house of good deeds, we pass it all the time, and we would like to do our best to maintain it while formally joining the adopt your spot nyc program.
i pass this spot every week, on my way to mass at st. joseph's.  the trash is getting worse, i figure i can focus on the corner, but the both streets:  tompkins avenue and st. mary's avenue could use a clean up.  it's worse now than ever before.
our students begin taking weekly nature walks in the park in pk. they play in the pine forest area and walk frequently during their time at the lower school. the park is really important to our entire community and we are excited to take on acting as stewards of the park in another way this year!
i grew up going to that playground and my children no play there as well. there is always garbage on that side walk from those at the playground o cars that park there.
it accumulates trash. the sidewalk gets sweeped but trash tends to accumulate in this bed. ideally i'd love for it to be a flower bed.
we want clean streets for our kids and community.
while i do manage to keep trash out of it often i'd like to be more mindful about it. i'd like to keep as much trash out of our storm water drains as possible.
it’s near my house and i want to keep it clean.
live nearby, and want to help contribute to keeping our city beautiful for our community!
on 22nd st there is always trash ripped bags outside 310 and 320 w 22nd st. 310 is a dilapidated house which is abandoned from the outside so there is always trash strewn there. i would love to clean up that area and take care of the 2- 3 tree pits from 320-308.
it’s the first thing i see when i enter the park every day — and there is a lot of picnics left behind. the trash cans get full very quickly this time of year and it seems like parks and sanitation could really use the help to keep up with the garbage!
there is an intersection at crescent and 34th that gets a lot of for traffic. there are a number of empty businesses here so garbage didn't get picked up as often.
it’s next to my home
i usually street park on this block and am always seeing trash covering the streets and sidewalks. i have been wanting to clean it up personally so this opportunity is perfect to do so with the support of the city!
this special place is the heart of little manila, queens, where little manila queens bayanihan arts helped to co-name "little manila avenue" in 2022 to recognize the 50+ years of filipinos living in the area. 

street cleaning, pruning and grafitti cleanup will take place:
segment 1: along 70th between 38th ave and roosevelt av (for block parties)
segment 2: roosevelt av between 69th st and 70th st (business corridor)
segment 3: roosevelt av between 70th st and bqe
segment 4: 70th street between roosevelt av and 41st ave
i walk past it every day with my dog and it always has a lot of garbage on the street
we have a number of students interested in supporting the school community. wea re colocated with an elementary school on the same building (ps 889).
the trees are beautiful but the garbage really ruins it and realistically i could probably clean it up fairly quickly once i maintain it.
my son plays at this playground
i walk by every day, and one corner has a fence that often gets filled with trash. i think it’s in a wind tunnel spot or something, because it seems like all the trash and leaves get blown to it and get stuck in the fence. i’ve picked up some of the trash before but i don’t have the tools so it felt a bit unsanitary.
because our building and corner is filthy, often with trash bags ripped open by the rat infestation on our street.  also, construction and dumpsters on our street currently block street sweepers, resulting in large areas of our block getting skipped.
because i live here and i’m tired of seeing trash
it's in front of my apartment and i walk here every day!
this is the space outside of our apartment building and has a lot of school kids walk through every day
this is an area occupied by residences and 2 churches but is a main crossing area to 2 public schools and 2 private schools. 1 block away is an abandoned hospital. very few people in this neighborhood think to clean up their streets and i'd like to use this program as a catalyst to get our kids aware and involved in the sanctity of our planet.
near my home
i live here and want to help keep it clean!
it’s the block i live on and there are lots of lovely dogs that need more clean spaces to sniff around in. many other residents try to do their part in keeping nice gardens &  sweeping the sidewalk, so i’d like to contribute to that effort.
this spot is relatively high traffic (right by a church and right near an entrance to forest park) and as such could benefit from regular cleanup and maintenance
a block in my neighborhood often littered by fast food trash from nearby eateries. looking forward to keeping the sidewalk and the tree planters clean.
i live in the building on that corner! also my landlord has been here for 3+ decades and always complains about people leaving garbage out. and she can’t bend down to pick it up but i think she would if she could. i can and i want to and she’s a great landlord so partly doing it for her
i walk my dog here and frequently see trash and dog feces. i live in the adjoining coop complex.
we live on this block and cleaning up debris from storm drains and leaves from sidewalks can help prevent flooding when it rains.
there are two tree beds that are always messed up.  even after putting flowers.
it is on my block and litter and papers tend to accumulate there.
i chose narrows botanical garden because its run by volunteers
i live there! and because it is a dead end, a lot of garbage gets blown down the alley and then stays there.
its important to keep catch basins clear of debris in order to facilitate flow of water to nyc sewer systems, this act is in alignment with our sustainability mandate in all the gardens we volunteer.
i walk by it every day and it needs some tlc!
it is my street and i want to give back to the community.
there's a gutter and a storm drain and is only a block from the hudson river.  i hate thinking about the trash heading to the river.
radegast hall and the levee make this spot very popular on weekends and the trash cans are always overflowing onto the sidewalk
it’s my street and i’d like to see less trash
it’s a young tree, maybe 7 years old and needs some extra love. when i started caring for the tree this year the soil was sandy and compacted. there were rat holes, weeds, poop and trash in the tree pit every day.
my husband and i love beautifying our neighborhood.  we live in the neighborhood  and we are trying to keep the neighbor beautiful.
it’s by my house! i walk by it everyday
i have been living here for 30 years and care about this area along with the rest of the block.
it's right when i walk out of my building, and on a spot with heavy heavy foot traffic heading to roosevelt ave/the subway.
i selected this spot because it is our community playground with so much benefit to our big and small neighbors.
this is an area i go to daily and it is one of the reasons i love living in new york! riverside park is real ny gem and as someone who cares for the environment cleaning up litter is a great place to take care of the city and earth.
wanting to keep my neighborhood clean
it’s a short walk from my apartment. my kids and i walk up that way often to go to carl schurz. we’d love to help keep our city clean and beautiful — and this is a convenient spot for us.
this is my block and it’s a high traffic area thanks to the school and playground. the playground is used by all in the neighborhood, so even more reason to keep the area clean.
that area is the founding area for our community based organization called the phoenix sorority of minisink. there is historically a lot of litter and trash that is around that area, especially across the street from in the park.
this section of the block doesn't have any residential building or customer-facing business, so garbage tends to collect there.
i have lived on this block for the past 8 years and the trash has always been an issue but it’s gotten worse since covid. trash and litter accumulates quickly. it gets especially bad after garbage pick up with scraps of trash and food on the sidewalk. it’s making the rat problem worse and i would like to do something about it!
4 or 5 years ago a created a garden at the start of the median.  i have purchased and been given various flowers and shrubs and ornamental plants and created a spot where neighbors can sit and enjoy some beauty.  from this beginning i have expanded north by about 50 feet and have added some sculptures.  since i started this project i have been battling litter left in the garden by neighbors who come to sit on the wall which boarders the east side of the median.  people eat, drink and then throw the food and drink containers in the garden.  having some gloves and trash bags would be a great help to me in keeping this area litter free.
it’s in front of my building.
i’ve lived in my apartment for 10 years and love it and my block. i’d like to help maintain the neighborhood in any way i can.
it has become quite problematic since the restaurant in the ground floor has been closed. the area attracts many tourists who often leave litter on the ground or abandon items in vases. no one is taking responsibility for maintaining the pedestrian walkway, resulting in it becoming very dirty, and it is getting worse day after day.
it is a nice park but always littered with chicken wing bones, poop, etc.
it's the tree in front of my building. it has a bench around it and people in the neighborhood sit there and hangout. some of the people that hangout leave trash in the pit almost everyday. i find beer bottles, food and clothing tossed in the pit. i try to clean the pit weekly. i just love looking out my window is seeing the tree, but the trash is getting out of control.
because i live here
i chose this spot because this area is located next to the newkirk community garden which i am a member of. one of our duties as volunteers is to keep the sidewalk around the garden clean of trash and other debris. i go there a few times a week already to pick up trash.
i have lived on this block for 5 years, and as rentals (like mine) have taken over permanent residents, the block has gotten dirtier and dirtier from landlords who neglect it. i pickup whenever i can, but official adoption is a great way to stay accountable and help return the block to its former beauty for the remaining older homeowners!
3 tree pits right outside my door that need different help: a ginormous tree, an oak that is run over by delivery mopeds and a sunny, treeless bed i plant flowers in.
i also work on a big plot near the prospect expressway and would love plants or seeds if they are available
we can easily tend these tree beds.
this is one of the busiest park and so many people visit and relax so i would lot to keep this park clean most of the time
i pass it literally everyday and tired of seeing how filthy the area is.
it is in front of my house.
my children and i frequent river run playground, and this stretch of our walk to the park is often marked with over filled trash cans that blow out littering the block. adopting this spot fells like a good way to be a part of keeping our city clean.
i selected this spot because i notice that a lot of times when i walk past that spot, there is always garbage on the ground. additionally, i would really like to do a positive thing in my community.
it is the tree bed in front of my house and i have been keeping it tidy for 7 years now.
in front of my apartment
i have selected this spot because it means a lot to the residents of this street who overtime have taken time to beautify this tree pit.
i live nearby!
it is right outside my house!
people always throw trash in tree bed in front building
i hung out there durring my youth years friends  playing on the side street and shops
we are part of first pitch with dycd and the yankees and we have a project called bitter litter.
bronx helpers- a free middle school community after school program wants to give back and help keep our neighborhood clean, we want to make signs that encourage community members not to litter and figure out ways how we can get a trash bin or two near our program. we didn't qualify for a trash bin because we are not a commercial location but we did just plant a tree in one of the empty tree pits, its a silver maple from ny restoration project and it was free and we have chi from new settlement help us plant it and requested another one for the empty tree pit and 311 said they will work on it. we want to give back by putting in work and keeping track of our progress. first pitch is a competition and only 3 out of 10 teams win and then we will be able to get the prize- the prize is being assigned to a muralist and making a mural outside of our program space. redoing it and upgrading it with our ideas related to bitter litter and how to make the community around us better!
i've been working on 37th and 34th aves with the jackson heights beautification group for 2 years, but some of these in-between streets and avenues get less regular attention. i know from my experience with jhbg that when an area starts to get regular attention it tends to stay much cleaner! i recently found out about adopt your spot and am always looking for more ways to support my community.
near my home. i walk down this street 20x a week and it saddens me how much trash accumulates all the time.
we live at 472 w 145th st & are tired of being cited for passers-by trash when our neighbors have trash and aren’t ticketed. might as well organize and take matters into our own hands. also see above for additional reference info.
the bike path winds through plantings of grasses and trees, but they always get choked with trash flying off the highway (or left by passersby) and it ruins what could be a nice bit of nature.
i live next to these tree beds and they are always covered in trash.
i live near this corner and cross it every day; it is important for me to have pride in my community, but this corner is very dirty. i would love to be able to cross this corner with joy instead of dread.
i live here. so not only do i respect my home and surrounding area i also respect the beauty that the tree provides and i cannot stand when trash overwhelms the tree pit. it’s the first thing i see when exiting my residence. if left alone the tree pit would look horrendous
it’s near my apartment and i aspire to have a clean block!
it’s on my block
proud astoria looking to take on the responsibility from our aging local of keeping the neighborhood tidy
this area is unkempt by the food delivery people who hang around this area
local neighborhood and dog walking route
it’s something i see everyday - if i can keep it nice,  it’ll bring a little beauty to everyday for my neighbors & myself.
i chose this spot because there is always trash on the sidewalks, especially near the subway side, around the city bike station, and in front of my building. by adopting this spot, i would make my daily life, as well as that of my neighbors, more pleasant.
ditmars has had a ton of trash lately. i think taking on all of ditmars may be too ambitious for one person starting out, but a lot of trash blows down my street, so i'd like to start picking up on my block. if i have extra time, i'd like to do sporadic maintenance of ditmars as well :)
it's a tree pit in front of my building.  my mother loved the tree because of its shade during the summer and  she took good care of the tree pit.  
i dedicated the tree pit to her in memory of her.  i selected this spot because of my mother.
i have been tidying this block for a few years now. i was excited to learn about the program and i would love to participate.
our building is on this block, and it gets a good amount of traffic (and trash!). we have a big dumpster so after we pick up along the block we have a place to discard the trash!
it looks like someone else on this site has already declared my block in need of help, and they're right! specifically, i'd like to focus on the west end of the south side of west 109th street between broadway and amsterdam, even going around the corner a bit, turning south onto broadway. while the north side of the block has plenty of supers cleaning up, the area between the public school and the west corner on the south side seems to have a lot more trash, as well as dog poop.
i picked this spot because it always dirty. i don't see garbage bins anymore over there.
i live in this neighborhood and want to help improve it, including keeping the storm draim at 9th /23rd cleaar in rainstorms./heavy snowmelt.
i chose this spot because i use to go to school here.
it is a beautiful park that gets really dirty.
before covid the area was cleaner, but more people coming there and having opening bbq, parties and leaving a mess. there should be extra garbage bins placed in the area.
because no cleaning is done in this area. being that the school is here the students use this side of the street to walk on. the  attended lots have branched out with the ? leaves growing all around, even from the ground. and our community garden is next to the empty lots. directly across from harriet tubman junior high school is the garden.
a potentially very nice open space near my apartment that’s always dirty and seems underutilized.
it's very neglected. my son and i trimmed the lower tree growth a few years ago to help the trees but they all grew back.
1) it is down the street from my apartment 2) it is a green space between the street and water, so trash that lands here probably ends up in the east river 3) i like this particular spot because it has several mulberry trees, which i eat from in the spring, and 4) it is next to my favorite parking spot, which is my favorite because there is no alternative side parking, because the street sweepers cannot fit on the small, awkward cut in the street. without street sweeping, this area probably deserves some care.
i live on hampton place (a small two block dead end street) and we have a great block association that does monthly cleanups of the blocks in our association. when i walk home from the kingston 3 stop i notice that before i turn onto hampton from st john's there are 3 tree beds that are almost always covered in litter that blows all over the street and gutters. this part of the block is between a big apartment complex that has maintenance staff to clean their sidewalks and a corner business who doesn't seem to do that. i think this pot is neglected and i'd like to see if i can keep it clean and make it nicer for all of my neighbors as they walk around the neighborhood.
it's the main park in the area
it's near my apartment but more importantly, it's vital to improve the health of our street as more bike lanes are being built. we have open streets on 31st avenue that deserve a clean and maintained environment.
i can't think of a time when there wasn't trash nearby, so it'll be a challenge. even if it won't look perfect, i can make it look a little better.
this spot was chosen due to the severity of the trash accumulation and overall neglect of the area.
honestly i had given up on the tree pit in front of my house. dogs do their business and random litter accumulates. my mom visited recently from wisconsin -- where there is far less litter and a lot more green space -- and thought i should be not only cleaning the tree pit, but also planting flowers. it's a privilege to have a tree pit, after all! this program will get my household started.
i live here and it seems like the place i can help the most
i live on this block and i want it to be beautiful and clean for my neighbors and for anyone who visits.
i live here!
this street is a high traffic street, due to it's proximity to the subway station entrance at clinton-washington aves. it's littered with single-use plastic bags, food items, discarded water bottles with urine in them, disposable food containers, and other items. it does not have reliable alternate side cleaning, and there is a lot of trash that blows off of atlantic avenue onto the street. it is part of the beautiful clinton hill neighborhood and deserves to be kept litter free.
i am a big fan of community efforts and cleaning up the block has been a great way to keep our shared space clean, as well as meet neighbors and become involved in our block association.
i live here.
nothing makes me feel as good as walking home on a clean street
i live right here and hate seeing the trash always there!
this is the front of my apartment building and i always find myself picking up trash and tidying up this area. i take pride in it because it's my home.
i live on this block
it's always trashed. this area includes beneath the subway stairs which is probably the mta's responsibility but they don't do a good job cleaning it. there's a street litter basket nearby that attracts waste. there's also some regulars who tip over the plastic newspaper stand to sit on them...  i have tidied this area up dozens of times but officially adopting it will make me more inspired to do this every couple of days instead of randomly :)
i live in this area and while my building maintains clean tree beds and sidewalks around my building, there is always a lot of litter along 6th street in front of the brownstones which no one seems to pick up on a regular basis.
lots of trash and dog poop all the time, including on riverside itself
it’s my block!
it’s my block
i walk to franklin up this street and always notice lots of trash
it is adjacent to an installation of pilot program ds trash bins. because of the confilguration of the bins, street cleaning vehicles cannot clean a 8-10 feet on either side of the bins. so i clean it myself
a very large number of people—myself included—walk past this area every day.  people heading to the l on their way to work, grabbing a city bike, or heading to mccarren park.  clearing the trash from this block will hopefully make it so people's commute here is a bit nicer.
outside my house
i walk my dog on this street several times a day and this bed seems to be untended.
i want to keep my block clean!
i live on a city block that tends to get allot of rats. on garbage days they chew through the garbage bags and leave big holes that allow waste and wrappings of sorts all over the sidewalks
this area typically covered in trash that blows down the streets. would love to see this cleaned up! i'd love if the walk to the steinway subway station wasn't covered with trash.
it's time for me to do my part.
this is where i live. i walk my dog daily and when the streets are clean, i feel a sense of calm and belonging and joy. when they're covered in trash, i feel neglected and like our community isn't cohesive. i want to show up for my community and hope that they share my sense of belonging and even start cleaning as well once they see me at it!
i love our block :)
lots of debris, rat droppings and dog poop
it’s just my residential neighborhood. 

there’s a great doctor around the corner, awesome cheap pizza off queens boulevard.
we live here and often see how dirty the tree wells get.
i walk pass this tree pit every tuesday and saturday as well as other days of the week. once i saw the ‘adopt your spot’ nyc cleaning program/idea, this area came to mind first. i already have cleaned some litter from the area in the past but this time i want to really make it the spot that i take care of.
i like to walk around this park and want to help keep it clean
near me
i live in the middle of this street and care for the lesser cared for sidewalks and street trees on our side from corner to corner.
home
these tree wells are usually planted/decorated seasonally, often matching nearby tree wells belonging to other buildings on the block.  however, there is a lot of foot traffic and dog walking which leads to litter and dog urine/poop inside tree wells which can negatively impact the health of the trees. my family (myself and my husband and our son) will try to remove trash from the building tree wells and perhaps put up signage encouraging dogs to be brought to the curb instead of the tree well or the sidewalk.
i selected this spot because of the garden that’s there. i’d like for it to remain more appeasing to the eye.
i selected this spot because it's where i normally park my vehicle
it's one of the prettiest blocks in astoria
it's near my home and in need of cleaning up.
i live right here and want to dedicate to keeping this block free of litter. i can handle the north and south sides of the street.
it’s very dirty
close to my apartment
often times i see garbage on the tree pits or on my block as i go to and from school. i really think it brings the vibe of the area down, and encourages the trash to be left on the sidewalk
i have lived on this block most of my life. i run a local nonprofit and want to take ownership of the sidewalk.
i love on this street!
volunteer at this garden. rubbish blows in or is left by students. want to help keep it litter free.
although the dos’s sweeper comes 2x/ wk. it is not enough.  this intersection’s neighbors & visitors do not use the 1 available bins located directly in front of an empty, former rite aide store.  trash is thrown in street gardens & planters which are maintained by the london towne house building through out the day. i live in this building & i want to live in a clean area & be proud of where i live.
the park is dirtier than i've ever seen it in past years. since i'm there 2-4 times a day (!!), i want to help keep it clean.
my home and there is a school there
it's the end of my block and is a big high-traffic area where trash always gets trapped from the wind. and i love making sure it's clean :)
just want to do my part in taking care of our community
it’s the best spot in the park for watching sunset. often there are local families enjoying that area and the mess quickly builds up. the area underneath the big tree invites a special representation of the diverse community we live in and i want it to be beautiful.
for a long time while walking on the block i thought to myself how can i get these areas clean? at times, i want to just pick up the trash, but have no idea how to go about discarding it. while our block is fairly clean, i believe if this is not taken care of in its infancy it can definitely get to a point where it becomes a major issue.
we live on this block
i walk by it often and it's dirty
i live here and want to help keep it clean.
williamsbridge oval park, primarily the football field is where the bronx knights football & cheer team practice 3 days a week from april until the very end of november. it's our home field and we do our very best to keep it clean. lately for whatever reason it hasn't been very clean, the garbage cans have been overflowing, and there is a lot of garbage on the floor. it's a big park. a big part of the community and our home field and we want to do what we can to help keep it clean. a few of us volunteer staff members will be signing up to adopt the spot but the goal is really to set a "clean up" day.
i live around calvert vaux park for over three years and it drove me crazy to see so much litter inside the park. so i have been collecting litter for last three years on my own.  it's a huge park. i broke my grabber :( 
i also clean bay 43rd and shore parkway street.
i live on this block and tired of passerby’s throwing garbage on our streets.

there is also no street cleaning so we need to clean up the streets ourselves
it’s my home
this is the block i live on - and we currently have a massive church/development under construction happening on the corner which means that the street misses out on a regular cleaning and also the sidewalk is a little misshapen. so until the church/development takes on trash responsibility, i would love to support my house and my neighbors by cleaning up the block in my free time.
live nearby
these are areas i see every day. my street has beautiful buildings but these same spots are always full of trash.
it's in front of my house
this area is in front of where i live. it is a popular block for commuting children to and from local schools and parks/playgrounds and for dog walkers - so we often end up with a lot of litter.
i live there and walk by dog around the block. i'm sick of people littering because it makes the neighborhood a mess and my dog keeps trying to eat garbage on the sidewalk. i've frequently thought of picking up trash on my walks, so i'm glad i found this program.
it’s in need of care.
i want to make my neighborhood cleaner
we are a homeschool collective located next top an empty lot and a plumbing warehouse. we have a hefty rat battle on our hand
it's a place of respite for some people in harlem, but could be more enjoyable if it were cleaner and more inviting.
it's the tree beds in front of my building, and for some reason the smallest trees on our block. i want to keep them clean since we have a baby who likes to play in our courtyard. i don't appreciate when people let their dogs use it and don't clean up after it.
i'd love to sign a pledge to keep this area clean for myself and others. it's close to where i live, and frequently trafficked.
i love my neighborhood and it has been flourishing with new businesses however there is trash everywhere and it’s extremely disheartening. we should all have pride in where we live, and work towards decreasing our common struggles together.
i've lived on seaman ave all of my life, why not give back the way it gave a home to me!
this is a popular route to and from brooklyn steel and very residential so there is a good amount of traffic. i am often on this stretch of the sidewalk heading for a coffee or with my dog and see trash rather often. would love to help keep it nice for the neighborhood and concert goers!
besides having fond memories there and being within proximity of my current residence, the place is very cluttered with cardboards and garbage that park workers simply refuse to clean up or ignore.
the citi bike rack collects a lot of litter and the tree dirt area collects a lot of glass. the street is very busy and sometimes people drop and crack glass bottles, beer bottle caps, and other trash. many dogs live in the apartment building that i live in, and use these areas for relieving themselves, which is dangerous because it can cut their paws.
it’s my block! nuff said.
i go there every day and there is trash everywhere, was going to buy my own stuff but then heard of this
this is where i live! i am tired of seeing all the litter in my community and want to make a difference.
because i live there and it is very dirty
i'm from mexico city and have the luck to walk in the park every day. i'd love to make it cleaner not only for humans but also for all the fauna that share their home with us.
keeping catch basins free of leaves and debris is critical in my area,,,, we are in a flood zone,,,,,,,,hurricane sandy was a piece of cake,,,,, those catch basins were a gift from god during that time and everytime it rains,,,,,,must be kept clear.        and service road,    needs a good cleaning
i live here and there is always a lot of trash on our street
i live here, i think keeping an area clean will reduce others from littering.
its two schools on that block, the ems, station, a church and a clinic across the street from the area.  being it's  no business open the area is dark, and trash is not being picked up.  diagonal parking makes it hard to clean in-between especially when they don't move the car's.
the front of the park stair entrance is at a busy car intersection and does not have a trash can nearby so that parkgoers can drop off their trash. this area becomes littered with glass and plastic bottles that can be potentially harmful to dogs, small children, and elderly folk who have a hard time seeing.
it is a busy street with a lot of foot traffic.
i live on this block and it gets very dirty! there is a lot of garbage on the streets , and i notice a lot of feral cats and rats!
there’s a door dash in the area and people waiting for their orders constantly litter
i know that catch basins need to be clear of debris because when blocked flooding can occur. this catch basin is on the corner of my house and would be a good start for me which can expand in the future.
neighborhood.
the west 300 block association of 20, 21, 22, 23rd streets has reconstituted itself, and the new leadership is encouraging us to do more clean-up walks to show we care about making our blocks great places to live, visit, and be.
it is a quiet green space right on the banks of newtown creek. a cleaner space creates a more enjoyable experience which would allow more people to become aware of newtown creek and all the developments that can help ensure a remediated and more sustainable part of nyc's infrastructure and ecosystem.
we live on this block and my young kids love to scoot and bike in front of our stoop. we have adopted this block as a way for the kids to get involved and give back to the neighborhood.
the site is dirty, people constantly dump trash. it make the neighborhood dirty. when wind blows all the garbage spread around the neighborhood.
these is a parking meter area and sanitation suppose to sweep the street daily, but i don't know when this last happened.
people often urinate and other things. kids have to view all these conditions on their way to school, what are we teaching them?
it’s an unfenced “community garden” & across the street from my house. it is constantly filthy with litter from people walking to & from the park nearby & people throwing garbage out their car windows.
i walk by the area often
our building already tends these 4 tree wells. we plant flowering bulbs in them each fall and then annual flowers in the summer. we also keep them clean and have recently repainted all four metal tree guards.
i live half a block from this strip of the promenade and go running & walking almost everyday in this area. i want to ensure it stays clean & free from litter!
it's the block i live on, so i feel responsible for it. i hate seeing trash when i walk out my door.
it's at the corner of my block. it's a dump out location and across from public school 50.
it’s in front of my house and always has garbage on the front.
this is where my kids walk to school or the park almost every day. i'm showing them that everyone deserves a clean, safe neighborhood, and it's in our power as citizens to make things happen. three years ago, it was covered with litter; now the cleaner we keep it, the cleaner it stays.
often garbage here, even more noticeable because all the planters lack trees
i’ve selected this area because it surrounds a community garden, greene acres i have volunteered at for 6 years. we unfortunately have a wind tunnel on franklin and could use daily trash pick ups.
that street is mostly the back of homes that nobody seems to care for. it’s also home to an abandoned flower shop and people throw garbage there all the time.
my family and my dog always walk there.
this is the street that i live on.
it is very close to my apartment
this community center serves many people who live in the neighborhood (including some zip codes) and staff, volunteers do amazing work. they are warm, friendly, kind and compassionate towards others. i began volunteering in 2020 and even worked part-time as a program assistant. there's a major crisis in the city - this location the streets are especially filthy and overlooked. it's become very unhealthy and unacceptable!
this is just a start of having the local community residents help keep the east 107th block, btwn flatlands ave & ave j, a cleaner neighborhood.
i live on this block and constantly pick up trash on the street.
this is where my apartment is and the walk i take to the subway everyday. there's a lot of scaffolding and a lot of trash accumulates. i've also already put a dog poop bag dispenser on the block.
due to neglect and lack of use, this tree pit has had giant weeds growing out of it, the metal fence around it has been bent out of shape, and it accumulates trash.

i requested my building's super to clear the weeds, and it is now a clear, empty tree pit. i believe that regular cleaning and maintenance of this tree pit will discourage people from throwing their trash into it. 

over time, i plan on planting native wildflowers in the pit to beautify it, attract pollinators, and aid in the absorption of rainwater during heavy rainfall.
it’s my home.
i pass by often enough to make a difference. the street trees (especially the one of the left) could use some attention.
i requested the tree from the city and years later it was finally planted!   i love having trees to shade the sidewalks.
i pass this spot very often, almost daily. i always wish it was nicer and well kept. if i just recently wondered if i could do it myself. after finding this program, i figured i can!
there is always so much garbage here and neither the businesses or the doorman building around the corner take any care of it.
no street cleaning rules always a mess
this spot is very special place for me bc i’ve witnessed so many ppl, including myself become more conscious about their health and fitness. 
people (celebrities included) from all over the bronx, manhattan, brooklyn etc has visited this park at least once to get a good workout in. 
its a neutral meeting ground where no bad energy is welcome. anything other than fitness and good vibes are left at the gate before you enter. 
early mornings and late evenings are good for those who want to avoid the crowds or just need some quiet time to focus & bang out a few sets without interruptions. 
but during the day you can find anyone from young to old. even if you’re not really into fitness at the moment, you are still welcome to catch some vibes. if stay there long enough you might find yourself testing your strength on the pull up bar.
i don’t always have the time to workout as much but i want to do my part but helping to keep it clean for those that frequent. sadly it’s one the only few positive things left in the neighborhood bc all the other parks in here are closed off. if you don’t play basketball or have kids that like the swings there’s really nothing else to do smh
above
i live in the building.
because it’s overgrown and even though there’s a food forest garden the black fences are constantly overgrown with invasives and other fruit plants that creep up the black fence line.  trash also get blown up to the fence line.  it’s a constant dump site at the end of this cul de sac.
i started a kid and family friendly environmental organization in greenpoint called trash club. because we are so close to the east river, we believe it's our responsibility to do everything we can to stop urban trash from landing in the east river and subsequently, the atlantic ocean. 
this section of the block is home to some of the most awesome and most important businesses in out neighborhood: word bookstore, the snack bodega, the local bar, homecoming coffee shop and florist and duke's wine shop. 
lots of trash ends up getting stuck in the tree beds in front of the shops. cigarettes are littered all over the sidewalk by the bar.  the coffee shop and the bodega produce a lot of single use cups. trash club would like to adopt the block so we can work with our friends who own those businesses to produce less waste and to properly dispose of things like cigarettes and recyclables. this way we can be in community as we keep the block clean.
i own these properties and have spent much time and energy investing in the community. dsny needs to put a trash can on this block where tons of garbage is generated by the deli on the block.
i love that people use the park to cook so i want to make sure they have a clean area to do that.
because it is near my house
the vehicle loitering-littering causes sanitation issues in-around the wetlands with residual debris-garbage-trash on the sidewalks-streets and catch basins.  the street tree beds are exposed to vehicle loitering-littering and animal waste.  the street trees beds adjacent to the wetlands area are best maintained by community members, as no other city agency-department assume regular responsibility.
there are multiple tree beds that are relatively well maintained, but litter tends to pile up in them and in the street gutters. i already pick up a few pieces every day when i get home from work, but i think a weekly trash clean up would make the block much nicer to live on. i love my neighborhood and my street, and want to give back by cleaning up.
it is near my house an when i first moved in, it was full of  weeds. my neighbors and i have been tending to it, making sure it looks nice and healthy.
it’s where i live! would love to keep it clean
i live here and hate the litter.  so i should do something about it.
these tree beds are directly across the street from my building, and the apartment buildings on that side of the street continuously dump garbage in all the tree beds.  they also have a tremendous amount of smokers in those buildings who throw their cigarette butts into the tree beds.  this is also where i walk my dog every morning, so i can pick up litter during the morning walks.
it's a lovely area with great people, and wind frequently blows trash into the street and sidewalk. i want to do my small part to keep the city clean.
this block is highly trafficked and has two empty lots that are not maintained properly. this results in a lot of trash accumulating against the lots' chain link fences, in the catch basins, the tree beds, and around the citibike dock. harlem deserves a cleaner neighborhood!
i love this tree and often see litter in its bed which i try to clean up. i would also love to lightly refresh the soil and make the area look nice.
i live on this block and have been wanting to clean up along caton ave and parade place! i walk my dog everyday and care about the neighborhood
it's my block!
it's the street i live on, and it definitely needs it :)
i think this area has a great impact on local community who bring their children and families to this area.
it is near where i live and i notice litter here frequently.
over the past month, i’ve started to try and clean all the tree pits on my block every once or two weeks. i bought two tools, a grab and reach stick and rake. i bumped into this program online and i thought it might be a good idea to sign up
there’s a storm drain here that gets clogged with trash all the time. with a little care we could keep it clear (and keep the crosswalk safer)
because it's my block, and new neighbors moved in who litter and don't clean after themselves.  i felt resentful cleaning up "after them" because it will not change or help stop this behavior.  but as a "litter steward volunteer " as i like to phrase it, i feel i can clean up in a capacity other than their maid, and my home looks neat again.
i live near here and i think it could help lots of folks feel good if it was clearner.
the businesses on this corner often fail to keep the block clean. there is trash all around the curb and sidewalk, and i would like to keep things cleaner.
we walk on this street a lot to get to the gym
trash here daily despite available trash cans
we already started fix up. we were the love your block 2023 grant winners
www.beautyfortheirashes.org is our web site and we chose that area to improve the community for those who have been trauma impacted.
i live on melrose and i notice the litter coming from knickerbocker gets out of hand. i’d love to make even a small difference for my neighborhood
our girl scout troops meet there. we will have church volunteers take i over when we do not meet in the summer
want to continue the great work of our neighborhood association